includes/lib/db/readme.md, before:

# ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY

> WordPress utility classes for streamlined custom table creation, database querying, and CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.

## Description

The ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY project provides two classes: ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE and ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_QUERY. These classes simplify the interaction with custom database tables, enabling developers to perform CRUD operations effectively within WordPress products or projects.

## Table of contents

- [ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY](#atomic-wp-custom-table-and-query)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [Resources](#resources)
  - [License & Attribution](#license--attribution)

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to utilize the ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY classes:

## Installation

1. Download this repository.
2. Extract and place the folder in your project.
3. Include index.php of this project: Example: require_once plugin/theme root path/path-to-this-repo-folder/. 'index.php';

## Usage

Use the ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE AND QUERY classes for:

- Creating and managing custom database tables.
- Executing custom database queries.
- Performing CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) on database records.

## Features

- **ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE Class:** simplifies custom table creation, management, and CRUD operations.
- **ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_QUERY Class:** simplifies custom database querying.
- **Security Handling:** Sanitization and validation are taken care of..
- **Cache Handling:** Caching is handled efficiently using cache group, cache key, wp_cache_get and wp_cache_add.
- **Error Handling:** Errors are managed using try-catch blocks. Custom error messages are returned using WP_Error.
- **Efficient Database Interaction:** Streamlines database interactions for improved performance.
- **Flexible Query Building:** Supports complex query construction tailored to specific requirements.
- **Code Organization:** Enhances code organization by encapsulating database-related logic into reusable classes.
- **Easy Integration:** Seamlessly integrates with WordPress plugins or themes for streamlined development.

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Project Coming Soon and Maintenance Mode Page. To submit your changes, please follow the steps outlined below.

1. **Fork the Repository:** Click on the "Fork" button on the top right corner of the repository page to create your fork.

2. **Clone your Fork:** Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/atomic-wp-custom-table-and-query
   ```

3. **Create a Feature Branch:** Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```sh
   git checkout -b my-new-feature
   ```
4. **Make Changes:** Add your changes to the project. You can use the following command to stage all changes:

   ```sh
   git add .
   ```

5. **Commit Changes:** Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message:

   ```sh
   git commit -a m 'Add some feature'
   ```

6. **Push to your Branch:** Push your changes to the branch you created on your fork:
   ```sh
   git push origin my-new-feature
   ```
7. **Submit a Pull Request:** Go to the Pull Requests tab of the original repository and click on "New Pull Request." Provide a clear title and description for your changes, and submit the pull request.

Thank you for contributing to this project!

## Authors

- **Santosh Kunwar** - [codersantosh](https://twitter.com/codersantosh)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/codersantosh/patterns-store/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## Recommendations

- [WP React Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/codersantosh/wp-react-plugin-boilerplate)
- [Atrc (atrc) - Atomic React Components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/atrc)

## License & Attribution

- GPLv2 or later © [Santosh Kunwar](https://twitter.com/codersantosh).

This library is primarily finished and can be safely integrated into your project. While a few methods remain under development (marked as TODO), the core functionality is stable. I welcome contributions and suggestions from experienced developers!

Commit message:

updated readme of atomic table and query

includes/lib/db/readme.md, after:

# ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY

> WordPress utility classes for streamlined custom table creation, database querying, and CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.

## Description

The ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY project provides two classes: ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE and ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_QUERY. These classes simplify the interaction with custom database tables, enabling developers to perform CRUD operations effectively within WordPress products or projects.

## Table of contents

- [ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY](#atomic-wp-custom-table-and-query)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Projects using ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY](#projects-using-atomic-wp-custom-table-and-query)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [Resources](#resources)
  - [License & Attribution](#license--attribution)

## Projects using ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY

Here are some WordPress plugins that utilize ATOMIC WP Custom Table and Query. You can explore their codebases to understand how this functionality is implemented:

- **Patterns Store – Creates a store for WordPress Patterns**

  WordPress URL: [Patterns Store](https://wordpress.org/plugins/patterns-store/)
  GitHub URL: [Patterns Store on Github](https://github.com/codersantosh/patterns-store)

  This plugin creates a store for managing and displaying patterns, pattern kits, and theme JSON packages. It leverages ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY for handling custom pattern metadata tables and performing CRUD operations via REST API. You can review its codebase to see how ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY is applied in a real-world WordPress context.

Feel free to explore these projects to gain valuable insights into using ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY in WordPress plugin development.

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to utilize the ATOMIC WP CUSTOM TABLE AND QUERY classes:

## Installation

1. Download this repository.
2. Extract and place the folder in your project.
3. Include index.php of this project: Example: require_once plugin/theme root path/path-to-this-repo-folder/. 'index.php';

## Usage

Use the ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE AND QUERY classes for:

- Creating and managing custom database tables.
- Executing custom database queries.
- Performing CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) on database records.

## Features

- **ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_TABLE Class:** simplifies custom table creation, management, and CRUD operations.
- **ATOMIC_WP_CUSTOM_QUERY Class:** simplifies custom database querying.
- **Security Handling:** Sanitization and validation are taken care of..
- **Cache Handling:** Caching is handled efficiently using cache group, cache key, wp_cache_get and wp_cache_add.
- **Error Handling:** Errors are managed using try-catch blocks. Custom error messages are returned using WP_Error.
- **Efficient Database Interaction:** Streamlines database interactions for improved performance.
- **Flexible Query Building:** Supports complex query construction tailored to specific requirements.
- **Code Organization:** Enhances code organization by encapsulating database-related logic into reusable classes.
- **Easy Integration:** Seamlessly integrates with WordPress plugins or themes for streamlined development.

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Project Coming Soon and Maintenance Mode Page. To submit your changes, please follow the steps outlined below.

1. **Fork the Repository:** Click on the "Fork" button on the top right corner of the repository page to create your fork.

2. **Clone your Fork:** Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/atomic-wp-custom-table-and-query
   ```

3. **Create a Feature Branch:** Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```sh
   git checkout -b my-new-feature
   ```
4. **Make Changes:** Add your changes to the project. You can use the following command to stage all changes:

   ```sh
   git add .
   ```

5. **Commit Changes:** Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message:

   ```sh
   git commit -a m 'Add some feature'
   ```

6. **Push to your Branch:** Push your changes to the branch you created on your fork:
   ```sh
   git push origin my-new-feature
   ```
7. **Submit a Pull Request:** Go to the Pull Requests tab of the original repository and click on "New Pull Request." Provide a clear title and description for your changes, and submit the pull request.

Thank you for contributing to this project!

## Authors

- **Santosh Kunwar** - [codersantosh](https://twitter.com/codersantosh)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/codersantosh/patterns-store/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## Recommendations

- [WP React Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/codersantosh/wp-react-plugin-boilerplate)
- [Atrc (atrc) - Atomic React Components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/atrc)

## License & Attribution

- GPLv2 or later © [Santosh Kunwar](https://twitter.com/codersantosh).

This library is primarily finished and can be safely integrated into your project. While a few methods remain under development (marked as TODO), the core functionality is stable. I welcome contributions and suggestions from experienced developers!
